hey guys it's Christian here I just
wanted to let you all know that I have
made a brand new YouTube channel called
brick tech studios and you can check
that out link below and be sure to
please subscribe and like whoever
subscribes to me whoever added me as a
friend please do feel free to do that on
the new channel because I'm that channel
is going to be what I'm going to use for
now on this one's going to most still be
in use but not as much at all so please
do that for me yeah so please check it
out because it's cool and it's in like
it's more of a business website type
thing so it's going to be more halo
related which we all love and i'll be
showing you way more technical things
like behind-the-scenes videos like 101
and a bunch of new stuff tutorials on
how to do certain photography strategies
or techniques rather so please feel
please subscribe to that channel because
it would mean a lot to me and i don't
want to like confusion so that one's
going to be my primary youtube channel
so if you want to see more videos by me
click the subscribe button and when you
visit the channel there will be a few
videos that i have on this channel right
now that i'm moving over to that one so
i would really appreciate it if you
watched the ones with protect studios as
a channel name and not the lego star
wars TV because latest RCB doesn't
really matter to me anymore brick tech
studios is the channel for me so i'll be
using that i just want to let you all
know because i'll be uploading videos
like today and this weekend on that
channel not this one so subscribe to
that to see those videos and follow me
and my website is below so check that
one out and thank you
much to my fans and subscribers you mean
a lot to me and I'm stumbling over my
words because I'm trying to tell you all
about this so thank you so much for
watching this video and please check out
the other one thanks bye